How to Boot XOK from a Floppy
-----------------------------

First, this is not self contained booting.  You still need the rest of
the xok files accessable over NFS.  However, the benefit from using this
method is that you don't need an OpenBSD file system to store a copy of
your xok kernel on.  You can almost think of this as a network boot
loader specially for xok.

You'll need a DOS floppy with nothing on it except command.com and
whatever system hidden files go with it.  In other words, format a
floppy with DOS and run 'sys a:' to transfer the minimum required DOS
files for booting DOS.

Then place 'boot.com' in the root directory of the floppy.  This file is
provided by OpenBSD for booting OpenBSD kernels from DOS.  A copy has
been included in the floppy_boot directory of the xok distribution.

Next, once you've successfully compiled/built xok place the kernel image
(sys/obj/xok) onto the floppy as well.  At the moment, it's small enough
to fit onto the floppy.  Hopefully, it won't get too big to fit on there
any time soon.

Now, if you boot with that floppy you can type 'boot xok' at the DOS
prompt and xok should load. [Remember that once loaded it will check in
EXODEST/boot/ to see if there's a newer version of the kernel and
automatically load that instead - see documentation for further
details - this is what makes it like a network boot loader].

If you wish, you can create an autoexec.bat file on your floppy to
automatically run 'boot xok' every time.  Simply create a file called
autoexec.bat in the root of the floppy with 'boot xok' as the first
line.

